Update access tokens docs to reflect RBAC permission model (#18102)
pulumi/docs: content/docs/administration/access-identity/access-tokens.md

For new automation, prefer assigning a specific [custom role](/docs/administration/access-identity/rbac/roles/) rather than using the admin option. Custom roles let you follow the principle of least privilege by granting only the scopes your automation actually needs.

### Who can manage organization tokens

Any organization admin can create, view, and delete organization tokens via **Settings** > **Access Tokens**. Tokens are not owned by the admin who created them — if that person leaves the organization, other admins retain full access. Each token's name must be unique across all organization and team tokens in the organization, including deleted tokens, so that tokens can be reliably identified in audit logs and incident response.

Deleting a token immediately revokes its access; all further operations using it will fail as unauthorized. The token name remains reserved after deletion.

## Team access tokens

{{< notes type="info" >}}
Please note that this functionality is available only in the [Enterprise and Business Critical editions](https://www.pulumi.com/pricing/) of Pulumi.
{{< /notes >}}

> Team tokens are machine tokens scoped to the resources and permissions of a specific team. They are useful for CI/CD pipelines that should only be able to access the infrastructure a particular team owns, without needing a personal token from any individual team member.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Team tokens are machine tokens scoped to the resources and permissions of a specific team. They are useful for automated processes (like CI/CD pipelines) that should only be able to access the infrastructure a particular team owns. This avoids the need to use a personal token from any individual team member.
```

### What team tokens can do

A team token's effective permissions are the union of all [roles assigned to that team](/docs/administration/access-identity/rbac/teams/), evaluated at the time of each request. If the team's role assignments change — for example, the team is granted access to a new set of stacks — the token's capabilities update automatically without any token recreation. This makes team tokens a good fit for long-lived automation where access needs may evolve over time.

As with organization tokens, team token activity is recorded in audit logs with the token's name, keeping actions traceable without exposing individual users.

### Who can manage team tokens

Organization admins and team admins can create and delete team tokens. Tokens are found under the team's page (**Teams** > select a team > **Access Tokens**) and are not owned by the admin who created them. Each token name must be unique across all organization and team tokens in the organization, including deleted tokens.

> Deleting a token immediately revokes its access. The token name remains reserved after deletion.

Author: d7fa4b0c5d
